Allmendinger oh no Gordon and Stewart
and then cars trying to sweep by on the
outside Minard Montoya McMurray Harvin a
rather Boyer all get caught up in it
what a wad up miss recovers Biffle um
yeah we're gonna go three wide we're
gonna try to go three wide right here
you see Gordon forces his way by right
there Oh Edwards got into the back of a
Stewart and got him into Gordon in the
24 hollering or there's McMurray and
there they all go an art Boyard Boyer
Logano boy look at Ron I never denied
just Oh Scott speed just snuck through
there that's called bobbin and Weavin
you see here I guess it's so bottled up
not a lot of room to work trying to go
three wide right here here comes Carl
with the run up on the outside calling
the 99 Edwards I think Gordon did work a
little justly yeah but touch there but
then when he does Edwards has got to hit
into the back of the 14 of Tony Stewart
I think Gordon got into Stewart enough
to move him it the contact of Edwards
though I think it happened when Stewart
broke a little momentum Edwards had it
in the 99 had that great run coming off
four and they got together
Jeff Gordon led a hundred 24 laps today
he won't be there to lead the last one
and he's asking Tony what the heck are
you doing what happened
and Tony saying calm down calm down look
at the replay so disappointing I know
Jeff Gordon was just I've never seen him
drive so hard I don't think Jeff's there
Santa didn't mean to get into you
I say it's okay that isn't what did it I
mean I I came off before there and
bounced off it Jeff's right rear and
then just pendulum and I lost it and got
into his right rear and then I got us to
where neither one of us could get away
from it somebody put me in three wide
and one and two and that that got me up
where I get got a bunch of crap on my
tires and I started it you had a long
talk with Jeff Gordon what was it about
how we got to there you know I you know
he was I think he was upset or worried
that I was gonna be upset about it on
his side and it wasn't his fault I mean
obviously and I got a chance to see it
in the infield care center it's
definitely my fault so I apologized all
the teams and drivers that we got caught
up and their fans for it so it's we had
a really good car there and just you
know shame that it happened let alone to
some of your teammates like that I saw
Tony he backing up and then he got loose
and you know I was trying not to get
into him I ended up getting underneath
him and we were three wide and then I
saw the 48 on my left corner you know
sneak in there as well and I just saw a
lot of guys racing hard and we ran out
of room I you know I got clipped in the
right rear and turned me in the wall I'm
just glad I'm okay
man what a race car gosh what a race car
we had and you know that's when I'm
bummed out the most about right now is
that we just had such an awesome race
car and I want to thank DuPont I want to
thank National Guard and
and special forces it was really cooling
all these pants are coming out man
they've seen a heck of a show